- So let's continue our work in our JSF project.
In order to bind data elements
from our facelet,
we need to create a backing bean.
So, we're going to navigate
to the source,
main Java directory,
and we'll just create a new class.
This is going to be a Java POJO.
And we're going to name that class
the "CatalogItemFormBean",
and we'll place that class
within the com.linkedin.jsf package.
We can then go ahead and hit finish,
and here's our new backing bean.
Now, it's really simple to create a backing bean.
All you need to do is create some fields
that you'd like to bind data to;
in our case,
we're defining some of the fields
on our catalog item,
such as the name and the manufacturer,
and we'll through the SKU in there as well,
and then you just create accessors
in order to support those fields.
Those will be used by the JSF bindings.
And there we have it.
It's our first backing bean.
Now, we also need to annotate this class
in order for JSF to create the bean,
and to do that,
we add an annotation.
So, this is a scope.
It's basically going to say that this bean exists
for the life of the request.
We can talk a little bit more about that later.
And then we're going to say that this bean
has a name,
and that allows us to reference it
within the expression language.
So, there we have those annotations applied,
and at this point we can head over
to our form.xhtml file,
and we can start binding to that backing bean.
So the first thing I'll do
is remove the template;
We'll get to that a little bit later.
And then we're going to add some mark-up
into this page,
and it's really important that we're using
the html tag library within JSF,
as opposed to just raw html elements.
So, you'll see many counterparts between the two,
so right there's the JSF counterpart
for a form,
and then we can just provide a regular old DIV
because we're not going to bind to that.
And then we'll use an output label.
So this is basically a field label
that we'll name "Product Name",
and then we're going to create an input text,
and the input text is going to have
our first binding.
Now, when we bind with JSF,
we use a pound sign,
and then the curly braces.
And you'll notice that we do get IntelliSense
within that expression,
so we can take a look at our catalog form bean,
and then select the name field on that bean.
And then the final thing we'll do,
we're going to add a command button
to the form,
and for now,
we're just going to have it navigate
to a facelet named "List".
So, that will be the next view
that we're going to create,
and we'll just give that button a value
of "Submit".
So, let's go ahead and create that list page.
So, I'm just going to copy our form.xhtml file,
and then we'll paste it within
the web app directory,
change this over to "List.xhtml",
and then navigate into that file.
You'll see we have some markup
that was used for the form.
We no longer need that,
and what we'll do within this facelet
is just output some of the data
that gets bound to our backing bean
by supplying an expression that performs
that binding.
And you'll remember,
we were setting the name field,
so we'll just pull that information out,
and there we have an output label that's going to
display the name.
So it's pretty simple.
You know, we have two facelets,
and they're bound to a common backing bean,
which will have its values updated
as JSF processes through its lifecycle.
Okay.
Let's see where our server's at.
It's stopped,
so we need to run this application.
Just right click on the project,
and then "Run As",
"Run On Server",
and then, once again, I'm going to select
"Always use this server
when running this project",
so we don't have to select this every time.
We will then see the server start up,
and our JSF application will launch.
There, it launched.
Let's just go over to a browser,
and we can take a look.
So, there's our form,
and our product name...
Let's go with a jacket this time.
And then when we submit,
you can see the request went back,
the face's servelet applied the data
to the backing bean,
and then rendered the next view,
and there we have our dynamic content
with the jacket.
Alright, so, quick look at the basics of JSF.
We'll expand upon this moving forward.